Uh, speaking of balance, that's complicated. I,
I wonder because we're living through one of the more important moments in human
history with this particular virus,
it seems like pandemics have at least the ability to, uh,
kill off most of the human population at their worst mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And there there's just fascinating to, there's so many viruses in this world.
There's so many, I mean, viruses basically around the world in a sense that, uh,
they've been around very long time. They're everywhere.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> they seem to be extremely powerful in their dis in a
distributed kind of way. But at the same time,
they're not intelligent and they're not even living.
Do you have a like high level thoughts about this virus that, uh, uh,
like in terms of you being fascinated, terrified, or someone.
Between, so I believe in frameworks, right?
So like one of 'em is evolution Uhhuh, like we're evolved creatures,
right? Yes. And one of the things about evolution is it's hyper-competitive,
and it's not competitive out of a sense of evil it's of it,
a sense of there's endless variation and variations that work better when, and,
and then over time, there's so many levels of that competition, you know,
like multicellular life pro partly exists because of, you know, the,
the, the competition between, you know, different kinds of life forms.
And we know sex partly exists as scramble our genes so that we have, you know,
genetic ver variation against, uh,
the invasion of the bacteria and the viruses. And it's endless, like,
I've heard some funny statistic,
like the density of viruses and bacteria in the ocean is really high.
And one third of the bacteria die every day because the viruses invaded them.
<laugh> one third of em. Wow. Like, like,
I don't know if that number is true, but it was like,
like there's like the amount of competition and what's going on is stunning.
And there's a theory as we age, we slowly accumulate bacterias and viruses.
And as our immune system kind of goes down, you know,
that's what slowly kills us. And it just.
Feels so peaceful from a human perspective when we sit back and they're able to
have a relaxed conversation, uh, and, and there's wars.
Going on out there. Yeah. Like right now, you're,
you're you harboring how many bacteria and, you know, the ones,
many of 'em are parasites on you.
And some of 'em are helpful and some of 'em are modifying your B behavior.
And some of them are, you know, it's just really, it's really wild,
but you know, this particular manifestation is unusual, you know,
in the demographic, uh, how it hit and the political, you know,
response that it engendered and, you know, the healthcare response,
it engendered and the technology, it gendered, it's kind of wild. Yeah. The.
Case on Twitter that it, it, uh, led every level,
all that kind of stuff at every, every single level. Yeah. But, but.
What usually kills life, the big extinctions are caused by, um,
meteors and volcanoes.
That's the one you're worried about as oppos to human created bombs that we.
Uh, solar, solar flares are another good one. You know,
occasionally solar flares hit the planet.
So it's nature.
It's yeah. It's all pretty wild.